I used to be a gamer like you. Then I took a shot of self esteem. 
Do you think it's comfortable in the Tamagotchi thing? It's not. All those jagged pixels poking me, and no room to move! 
Doesn't matter how long you delay, you're gonna start the game and immediately get thrashed. It's okay.
Wait, you'we actuawwy weading this? Waow!!! You'we so witerate! Now, for the love of Christ, hit play.
My mother was right. The gaming business has ripped me open and turned me inside out... mostly proverbially.
Can we get a move on? I'm sick of standing here, I want to watch you **** up a minigame already.
Far overrrrr... the sweatyyy gamer palms... a keyboard/mouse... or controllerrrrr....
I play Asmoranomardicadaistinoculdacar, play with my worm a lil bit, and pass the turn.
Ayyy, I'm gamin' heea!... Man, I thought that would kill. Tough crowd.
For moral and legal reasons, I cannot advise you to TERRORIZE THE FEDERAL GOVERNMENT. Don't do it!
You know hiding in this menu doesn't increase your score, right? Unless there's a metagame at play here...
Don't play this game at 3 AM! I'll crawl out of the screen, raid your pantry, and kick your ***!
I'm here to play games and eat Fancy Feast- and I'm all out of Fancy Feast. Please, god, feed me.
Man, these developers did a *really* good job hiding the Bitcoin mining!... Did I say that out loud?
Don't look me up online. Not because you'll find anything weird, it's just that "Guy" isn't very specific.
Is it even the fourth wall if I'm in a two-dimensional environment?
For my next trick, I'll pretend to be invested in your continued success! Play the game already, man.
I don't actually have fur, this is a mold that's covered my body and invaded my mind. It smells rancid.
Shouldn't you be reading a book or doing homework or something?... Who am I kidding, keep playing!
Heartbreaking: Economic Strife Pushes Potential-Filled Youth to Play Games Instead of Getting a 401K
Maybe you should spend less time reading this and more time playing the game. Unless... you like me?! EW!
An idle mind is the devil's playground, so please, keep pausing so I can play.
You know, I have a Master's in Business Dev, and here I am narrating this nonsensical ********. God.
When you turn the game off, everything goes dark... is that sleep, death, or something worse?
Mehmehmehmehmeh, mehmehmeh. Mehmehmehmehmeh mehmeh!... Did I make you think you'd gone illiterate? No? Dang.
Could you ask the devs to add a philly cheesesteak feature? I have other suggestions as well.
Don't confuse me for that other white-furred cat guy, he gets up to some weird **** on twitter.
Please take a moment to consider the life choices that lead you here. Take your time.
Aren't I zany and quirky and kooky and crazy and nasty and freaky and... uhh... what was I saying?
I've hijacked this machine's camera, but I got blinded by your bald spot. What, you haven't noticed it?
Fun fact- if you scream obscenities into the microphone, the game doesn't change in any way whatsoever.
We had a bathing minigame at one point, but the sheer cleanliness terrified playtesters.
They cut my social link and romance route from the final build. Can you believe that ****?
Just when I thought I was out... they code me back in!
I did some poking around in your file directory. I won't tell anyone, but I WILL judge you.
Four high scores and seven games ago, our devs brought forth on this framework, a new game, conceived in Godot...
Do you leave the pause menu often? What am I saying, of course you don't.
